Discernible (#341)
OpenIntroStat/ims: 11-foundations-randomization.qmd

Failing to find evidence in favor of the alternative hypothesis is not equivalent to finding evidence that the null hypothesis is true.
We will see this idea in greater detail in Section \@ref(decerr).

> ### p-value and statistically discernible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### p-value and statistical discernibility
```

Reviewer: Right? It should be a noun?

In each of these examples, the **point estimate** of the difference in proportions was used as the test statistic.
:::

When the p-value is small, i.e., less than a previously set threshold, we say the results are **statistically discernible**\index{statistically significant}\index{statistically discernible}.

> This means the data provide such strong evidence against $H_0$ that we reject the null hypothesis in favor of the alternative hypothesis.^[Many texts use the phrase "statistically significant" instead of "statistically discernible".  We have chosen to use "discernible" to indicate that a precise statistical event has happened, as opposed to an interesting effect which may or may not fit the statistical definition of discernible or significant.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means the data provide such strong evidence against $H_0$ that we reject the null hypothesis in favor of the alternative hypothesis.^[Many texts use the phrase "statistically significant" instead of "statistically discernible".  We have chosen to use "discernible" to indicate that a precise statistical event has happened, as opposed to a notable effect which may or may not fit the statistical definition of discernible or significant.]
```
